GDG DevFest Switzerland 2018 has been announced! The 3th edition of the biggest community conference about Google technologies in Switzerland will take on **October 20-21** in [HSR Rapperswil](https://www.hsr.ch).

That means that it is time to open [call for talk submissions](http://bit.ly/dfch18-c4p). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with on of the biggest tech audience in Switzerland, you knocked on the right door.

To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
Sorry, we selected our speakers, and the time to submit talks is over. To see who we selected, please navigate to the speakers page.
</div>

<br/>

### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](http://bit.ly/dfch18-c4p).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.

**Call for Papers will stay open until August 31, 2018.** Don’t miss out :)

<div class="text-center">
Sorry, we selected our speakers, and the time to submit talks is over. To see who we selected, please navigate to the speakers page.
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the first selected submitters until July 15, 2018. The last submitters will be informed by September 15, 2018.

Any questions? Email organizers at [info@defvest.ch](mailto:info@defvest.ch)
